org/odk/collect/android/preferences/dialogs/ServerAuthDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.dialogs.ServerAuthDialogFragment
org/odk/collect/android/formmanagement/FormDeleter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.FormDeleter
org/odk/collect/android/geo/MapboxMapFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapboxMapFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapboxMapFragment$MapFeature
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapboxMapFragment$MarkerFeature
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapboxMapFragment$MarkerFeature$ClickListener
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapboxMapFragment$MarkerFeature$DragListener
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapboxMapFragment$PolyFeature
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapboxMapFragment$PolyFeature$LineClickListener
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapboxMapFragment$PolyFeature$SymbolClickListener
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapboxMapFragment$PolyFeature$SymbolDragListener
org/odk/collect/android/instancemanagement/InstanceDeleter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.instancemanagement.InstanceDeleter
org/odk/collect/android/exception/JavaRosaException.java
 org.odk.collect.android.exception.JavaRosaException
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/saving/SaveFormProgressDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.saving.SaveFormProgressDialogFragment
org/odk/collect/android/database/forms/DatabaseFormsRepository.java
 org.odk.collect.android.database.forms.DatabaseFormsRepository
org/odk/collect/android/configure/qr/QRCodeViewModel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.QRCodeViewModel
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.QRCodeViewModel$Factory
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/NumberPickerDialogBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.NumberPickerDialogBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/BarcodeWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.BarcodeWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/application/initialization/CrashReportingTree.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.initialization.CrashReportingTree
org/odk/collect/android/geo/MapboxUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapboxUtils
org/odk/collect/android/audio/AudioButton.java
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.AudioButton
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.AudioButton$Listener
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/DateWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.DateWidget
org/odk/collect/android/externaldata/ExternalAppsUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.ExternalAppsUtils
org/odk/collect/android/externaldata/ExternalAnswerResolver.java
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.ExternalAnswerResolver
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/BarcodeWidgetScannerFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.BarcodeWidgetScannerFragment
org/odk/collect/android/activities/GeoPolyActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.GeoPolyActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.GeoPolyActivity$OutputMode
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ExAudioWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ExAudioWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/dialogs/ResetDialogPreferenceFragmentCompat.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.dialogs.ResetDialogPreferenceFragmentCompat
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.dialogs.ResetDialogPreferenceFragmentCompat$1
org/odk/collect/android/activities/CaptureSelfieActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.CaptureSelfieActivity
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/SelectListWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.SelectListWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/TriggerWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.TriggerWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/FormDownloaderListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.FormDownloaderListener
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/CustomTimePickerDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.CustomTimePickerDialog
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.CustomTimePickerDialog$TimeChangeListener
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/RangeDecimalWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.RangeDecimalWidget
org/odk/collect/android/upload/InstanceUploader.java
 org.odk.collect.android.upload.InstanceUploader
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/ViewModelAudioPlayer.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.ViewModelAudioPlayer
org/odk/collect/android/activities/MainMenuActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.MainMenuActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.MainMenuActivity$1
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.MainMenuActivity$2
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.MainMenuActivity$3
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.MainMenuActivity$4
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.MainMenuActivity$5
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.MainMenuActivity$6
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/AudioWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.AudioWidget
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.AudioWidget$1
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/IconMenuListAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.IconMenuListAdapter
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/FlingRegister.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.FlingRegister
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/BarCodeScannerFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.BarCodeScannerFragment
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ScreenContext.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ScreenContext
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/HttpHeadResult.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.HttpHeadResult
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/LabelWidgetBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.LabelWidgetBinding
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/FormListAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.FormListAdapter
org/odk/collect/android/dao/CursorLoaderFactory.java
 org.odk.collect.android.dao.CursorLoaderFactory
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/LocaleHelper.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.LocaleHelper
org/odk/collect/android/formmanagement/FormDownloader.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.FormDownloader
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.FormDownloader$ProgressReporter
org/odk/collect/android/application/initialization/SettingsMigrator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.initialization.SettingsMigrator
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/AdminPasswordProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.AdminPasswordProvider
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/SelectMultiImageMapWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.SelectMultiImageMapWidget
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ProjectSettingsDialogLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ProjectSettingsDialogLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/ServerPreferencesAdder.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.ServerPreferencesAdder
org/odk/collect/android/activities/WebViewActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.WebViewActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.WebViewActivity$1
org/odk/collect/android/logic/FileReference.java
 org.odk.collect.android.logic.FileReference
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ExternalAppIntentProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ExternalAppIntentProvider
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/FormsDirDiskFormsSynchronizer.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.FormsDirDiskFormsSynchronizer
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.FormsDirDiskFormsSynchronizer$IdFile
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/interfaces/ButtonClickListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.interfaces.ButtonClickListener
org/odk/collect/android/geo/GoogleMapFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.GoogleMapFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.GoogleMapFragment$MapFeature
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.GoogleMapFragment$MarkerFeature
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.GoogleMapFragment$PolyFeature
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/StaticCachingDeviceDetailsProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.StaticCachingDeviceDetailsProvider
org/odk/collect/android/exception/MultipleFoldersFoundException.java
 org.odk.collect.android.exception.MultipleFoldersFoundException
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/FileManagerFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.FileManagerFragment
org/odk/collect/android/tasks/FormLoaderTask.java
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.FormLoaderTask
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.FormLoaderTask$1
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.FormLoaderTask$2
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.FormLoaderTask$FECWrapper
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ActivityPreferencesLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ActivityPreferencesLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/application/initialization/migration/KeyMover.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.initialization.migration.KeyMover
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/HelpLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.HelpLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/externaldata/ExternalDataHandler.java
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.ExternalDataHandler
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/SelectOneMinimalDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.SelectOneMinimalDialog
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/EncryptionUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.EncryptionUtils
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.EncryptionUtils$EncryptedFormInformation
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/InstanceMapLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.InstanceMapLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/SelectOneListAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.SelectOneListAdapter
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.SelectOneListAdapter$ViewHolder
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/MediaLoadingFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.MediaLoadingFragment
org/odk/collect/android/logic/FileReferenceFactory.java
 org.odk.collect.android.logic.FileReferenceFactory
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/media/ScreenContextAudioHelperFactory.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.media.ScreenContextAudioHelperFactory
org/odk/collect/android/views/CustomWebView.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.CustomWebView
org/odk/collect/android/backgroundwork/BackgroundWorkUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.backgroundwork.BackgroundWorkUtils
org/odk/collect/android/version/VersionDescriptionProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.version.VersionDescriptionProvider
org/odk/collect/android/BuildConfig.java
 org.odk.collect.android.BuildConfig
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/FormUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.FormUtils
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/AudioRecordingControllerFragmentBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.AudioRecordingControllerFragmentBinding
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/CustomDatePickerDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.CustomDatePickerDialog
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.CustomDatePickerDialog$DateChangeListener
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/BaseArbitraryFileWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.BaseArbitraryFileWidget
org/odk/collect/android/exception/ExternalDataException.java
 org.odk.collect.android.exception.ExternalDataException
org/odk/collect/android/location/client/MapboxLocationCallback.java
 org.odk.collect.android.location.client.MapboxLocationCallback
org/odk/collect/android/injection/DaggerUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.injection.DaggerUtils
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/TimeWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.TimeWidget
org/odk/collect/android/configure/qr/QRCodeTabsAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.QRCodeTabsAdapter
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/sheets/SheetsApi.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.sheets.SheetsApi
org/odk/collect/android/storage/StorageSubdirectory.java
 org.odk.collect.android.storage.StorageSubdirectory
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/BarcodeWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.BarcodeWidget
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.BarcodeWidget$1
org/odk/collect/android/logic/PropertyManager.java
 org.odk.collect.android.logic.PropertyManager
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/saving/DiskFormSaver.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.saving.DiskFormSaver
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/okhttp/OkHttpOpenRosaServerClientProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.okhttp.OkHttpOpenRosaServerClientProvider
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.okhttp.OkHttpOpenRosaServerClientProvider$OkHttpOpenRosaServerClient
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/AppListFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.AppListFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.AppListFragment$1
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.AppListFragment$2
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.AppListFragment$3
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/FormLoaderListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.FormLoaderListener
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/SortItemLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.SortItemLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/externaldata/ExternalDataManagerImpl.java
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.ExternalDataManagerImpl
org/odk/collect/android/tasks/InstanceUploaderTask.java
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.InstanceUploaderTask
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.InstanceUploaderTask$Outcome
org/odk/collect/android/version/VersionInformation.java
 org.odk.collect.android.version.VersionInformation
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/questions/WidgetViewUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.questions.WidgetViewUtils
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/screens/UserSettingsAccessPreferencesFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.screens.UserSettingsAccessPreferencesFragment
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ExternalWebPageHelper.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ExternalWebPageHelper
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ExternalWebPageHelper$1
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/DeleteInstancesListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.DeleteInstancesListener
org/odk/collect/android/database/DatabaseConstants.java
 org.odk.collect.android.database.DatabaseConstants
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ChangesReasonDialogBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ChangesReasonDialogBinding
org/odk/collect/android/metadata/InstallIDProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.metadata.InstallIDProvider
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/screens/BaseProjectPreferencesFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.screens.BaseProjectPreferencesFragment
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ServerAuthDialogBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ServerAuthDialogBinding
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/UiUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.UiUtils
org/odk/collect/android/application/initialization/migration/MigrationUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.initialization.migration.MigrationUtils
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/FormUpdateMode.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.FormUpdateMode
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/AboutLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.AboutLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/audit/AsyncTaskAuditEventWriter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.AsyncTaskAuditEventWriter
org/odk/collect/android/application/initialization/migration/KeyExtractor.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.initialization.migration.KeyExtractor
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/HttpCredentials.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.HttpCredentials
org/odk/collect/android/configure/qr/CachingQRCodeGenerator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.CachingQRCodeGenerator
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/interfaces/WidgetDataReceiver.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.interfaces.WidgetDataReceiver
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/audit/ChangesReasonPromptDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.ChangesReasonPromptDialogFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.ChangesReasonPromptDialogFragment$1
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/SavedFormListFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.SavedFormListFragment
org/odk/collect/android/analytics/AnalyticsUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.analytics.AnalyticsUtils
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/FormListDownloaderListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.FormListDownloaderListener
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/filters/WhitespaceFilter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.filters.WhitespaceFilter
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/SQLiteUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.SQLiteUtils
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/InstanceGoogleSheetsUploader.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.InstanceGoogleSheetsUploader
org/odk/collect/android/formmanagement/ServerFormDownloader.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.ServerFormDownloader
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.ServerFormDownloader$1
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.ServerFormDownloader$FileResult
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.ServerFormDownloader$FormResult
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.ServerFormDownloader$ProgressReporterAndSupplierStateListener
org/odk/collect/android/externaldata/handler/ExternalDataHandlerBase.java
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.handler.ExternalDataHandlerBase
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/FormEntryBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.FormEntryBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/RecordingStatusHandler.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.RecordingStatusHandler
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/HttpGetResult.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.HttpGetResult
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/SelectImageMapWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.SelectImageMapWidget
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.SelectImageMapWidget$1
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.SelectImageMapWidget$JavaScriptInterface
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ArrayUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ArrayUtils
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/TriggerWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.TriggerWidget
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/StringWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.StringWidget
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.StringWidget$1
org/odk/collect/android/audio/AudioRecordingControllerFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.AudioRecordingControllerFragment
org/odk/collect/android/external/InstanceProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.external.InstanceProvider
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/questions/NoButtonsItem.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.questions.NoButtonsItem
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/AndroidUserAgent.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.AndroidUserAgent
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/DeleteFormsListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.DeleteFormsListener
org/odk/collect/android/application/initialization/migration/KeyTranslator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.initialization.migration.KeyTranslator
org/odk/collect/utilities/Clock.java
 org.odk.collect.utilities.Clock
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/FormChooserListItemIconBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.FormChooserListItemIconBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ExImageWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ExImageWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/SelectOneWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.SelectOneWidget
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/HttpCredentialsInterface.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.HttpCredentialsInterface
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/AboutItemLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.AboutItemLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/AudioVideoImageTextLabelBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.AudioVideoImageTextLabelBinding
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/backgroundlocation/BackgroundLocationHelper.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.backgroundlocation.BackgroundLocationHelper
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/audit/AuditEventSaveTask.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.AuditEventSaveTask
org/odk/collect/android/logic/DatePickerDetails.java
 org.odk.collect.android.logic.DatePickerDetails
 org.odk.collect.android.logic.DatePickerDetails$DatePickerMode
 org.odk.collect.android.logic.DatePickerDetails$DatePickerType
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/SplashClickListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.SplashClickListener
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.SplashClickListener$1
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.SplashClickListener$2
org/odk/collect/android/backgroundwork/FormUpdateAndInstanceSubmitScheduler.java
 org.odk.collect.android.backgroundwork.FormUpdateAndInstanceSubmitScheduler
 org.odk.collect.android.backgroundwork.FormUpdateAndInstanceSubmitScheduler$1
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/RangePickerWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.RangePickerWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/GeoUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.GeoUtils
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/QuestionFontSizeUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.QuestionFontSizeUtils
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/screens/ExperimentalPreferencesFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.screens.ExperimentalPreferencesFragment
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/AnnotateWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.AnnotateWidget
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.AnnotateWidget$1
org/odk/collect/android/views/ObviousProgressBar.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.ObviousProgressBar
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/IslamicDatePickerDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.IslamicDatePickerDialog
org/odk/collect/android/activities/AppListActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.AppListActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.AppListActivity$1
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.AppListActivity$2
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.AppListActivity$3
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/saving/SaveAnswerFileProgressDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.saving.SaveAnswerFileProgressDialogFragment
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ActivityAvailability.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ActivityAvailability
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/GoogleDriveListBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.GoogleDriveListBinding
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ReplaceCallback.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ReplaceCallback
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ReplaceCallback$Callback
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/interfaces/Widget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.interfaces.Widget
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/FirstLaunchLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.FirstLaunchLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ActivityWebViewBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ActivityWebViewBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ActivityCaptureSelfieBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ActivityCaptureSelfieBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ShowQrcodeFragmentBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ShowQrcodeFragmentBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/ListWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.ListWidget
org/odk/collect/android/views/DecoratedBarcodeView.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.DecoratedBarcodeView
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/RangePickerDecimalWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.RangePickerDecimalWidget
org/odk/collect/android/externaldata/ExternalDataManager.java
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.ExternalDataManager
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/NoButtonsItemLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.NoButtonsItemLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/externaldata/ExternalDataReaderImpl.java
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.ExternalDataReaderImpl
org/odk/collect/android/geo/GoogleMapsMapBoxOfflineTileProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.GoogleMapsMapBoxOfflineTileProvider
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ViewUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ViewUtils
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ProjectIconViewBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ProjectIconViewBinding
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/media/FormMediaUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.media.FormMediaUtils
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/UrlUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.UrlUtils
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/SwipeHandler.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.SwipeHandler
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.SwipeHandler$GestureListener
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.SwipeHandler$OnSwipeListener
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/GoogleAccountCredentialGoogleAccountPicker.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleAccountCredentialGoogleAccountPicker
org/odk/collect/android/audio/VolumeBar.java
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.VolumeBar
org/odk/collect/android/formmanagement/BlankFormListMenuDelegate.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.BlankFormListMenuDelegate
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.BlankFormListMenuDelegate$1
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/RequiresFormController.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.RequiresFormController
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/SelectMultiItemBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.SelectMultiItemBinding
org/odk/collect/android/audio/AudioFileAppender.java
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.AudioFileAppender
org/odk/collect/android/externaldata/ExternalSQLiteOpenHelper.java
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.ExternalSQLiteOpenHelper
org/odk/collect/android/events/RxEvent.java
 org.odk.collect.android.events.RxEvent
org/odk/collect/android/permissions/PermissionsChecker.java
 org.odk.collect.android.permissions.PermissionsChecker
org/odk/collect/android/configure/qr/ShowQRCodeFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.ShowQRCodeFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.ShowQRCodeFragment$1
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/RangeIntegerWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.RangeIntegerWidget
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/FileProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.FileProvider
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/repeats/AddRepeatDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.repeats.AddRepeatDialog
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.repeats.AddRepeatDialog$Listener
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/FormDownloadListBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.FormDownloadListBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ItemViewOptionBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ItemViewOptionBinding
org/odk/collect/android/geo/WebMapService.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.WebMapService
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.WebMapService$1
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ThemeUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ThemeUtils
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/RankingItemBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.RankingItemBinding
org/odk/collect/android/tasks/SavePointTask.java
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.SavePointTask
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/InstanceUploaderListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.InstanceUploaderListener
org/odk/collect/android/formmanagement/matchexactly/ServerFormsSynchronizer.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.matchexactly.ServerFormsSynchronizer
org/odk/collect/android/geo/GoogleMapConfigurator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.GoogleMapConfigurator
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.GoogleMapConfigurator$GoogleMapTypeOption
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/FragmentCamera2videoBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.FragmentCamera2videoBinding
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/CaseInsensitiveEmptyHeaders.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.CaseInsensitiveEmptyHeaders
org/odk/collect/android/activities/viewmodels/FormMapViewModel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.viewmodels.FormMapViewModel
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.viewmodels.FormMapViewModel$ClickAction
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.viewmodels.FormMapViewModel$MappableFormInstance
org/odk/collect/android/backgroundwork/SyncFormsTaskSpec.java
 org.odk.collect.android.backgroundwork.SyncFormsTaskSpec
 org.odk.collect.android.backgroundwork.SyncFormsTaskSpec$Adapter
org/odk/collect/android/dao/helpers/InstancesDaoHelper.java
 org.odk.collect.android.dao.helpers.InstancesDaoHelper
org/odk/collect/android/activities/InstanceListActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.InstanceListActivity
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/CaptionedItemBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.CaptionedItemBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/QrCodeProjectCreatorDialogLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.QrCodeProjectCreatorDialogLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/QuestionMediaManager.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.QuestionMediaManager
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/ODKView.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.ODKView
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.ODKView$1
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/WaveformLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.WaveformLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/FormEntryPromptUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.FormEntryPromptUtils
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/HierarchyLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.HierarchyLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/application/initialization/migration/Migration.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.initialization.migration.Migration
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/OpenRosaResponseParser.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.OpenRosaResponseParser
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/FileManagerListBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.FileManagerListBinding
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/DeleteFormsTabsAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.DeleteFormsTabsAdapter
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/OpenRosaServerClientProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.OpenRosaServerClientProvider
org/odk/collect/android/external/FormsProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.external.FormsProvider
org/odk/collect/android/notifications/Notifier.java
 org.odk.collect.android.notifications.Notifier
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/WaitingForDataRegistry.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.WaitingForDataRegistry
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/StringWidgetUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.StringWidgetUtils
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.StringWidgetUtils$1
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/BottomSheetBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.BottomSheetBinding
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/SelectMinimalDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.SelectMinimalDialog
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.SelectMinimalDialog$1
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.SelectMinimalDialog$SelectMinimalDialogListener
org/odk/collect/android/audio/AudioRecordingErrorDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.AudioRecordingErrorDialogFragment
org/odk/collect/android/analytics/AnalyticsEvents.java
 org.odk.collect.android.analytics.AnalyticsEvents
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/WidgetValueChangedListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.WidgetValueChangedListener
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/SelectMultipleListAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.SelectMultipleListAdapter
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.SelectMultipleListAdapter$ViewHolder
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/PermissionListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.PermissionListener
org/odk/collect/android/location/client/MaxAccuracyWithinTimeoutLocationClientWrapper.java
 org.odk.collect.android.location.client.MaxAccuracyWithinTimeoutLocationClientWrapper
org/odk/collect/android/geo/TileHttpServer.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.TileHttpServer
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.TileHttpServer$Response
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.TileHttpServer$ResponseThread
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.TileHttpServer$ServerThread
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/screens/BaseAdminPreferencesFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.screens.BaseAdminPreferencesFragment
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/MyanmarDatePickerDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.MyanmarDatePickerDialog
org/odk/collect/android/application/initialization/migration/ValueTranslator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.initialization.migration.ValueTranslator
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/FormDownloadListAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.FormDownloadListAdapter
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.FormDownloadListAdapter$1
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.FormDownloadListAdapter$ViewHolder
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/FormChooserListItemMapButtonBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.FormChooserListItemMapButtonBinding
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/sheets/DriveHelper.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.sheets.DriveHelper
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/SnackbarUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.SnackbarUtils
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/viewmodels/DateTimeViewModel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.viewmodels.DateTimeViewModel
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/CompressionUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.CompressionUtils
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/PrefUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.PrefUtils
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/AppBarLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.AppBarLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/ItemsWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.ItemsWidget
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ImageConverter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ImageConverter
org/odk/collect/android/activities/FormHierarchyActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormHierarchyActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormHierarchyActivity$1
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormHierarchyActivity$2
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/QuestionWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.QuestionWidget
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/BearingWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.BearingWidget
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/media/AudioHelperFactory.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.media.AudioHelperFactory
org/odk/collect/android/activities/InstanceUploaderActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.InstanceUploaderActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.InstanceUploaderActivity$1
org/odk/collect/android/geo/MapProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapProvider
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapProvider$1
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapProvider$SourceOption
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/repeats/DeleteRepeatDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.repeats.DeleteRepeatDialogFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.repeats.DeleteRepeatDialogFragment$DeleteRepeatDialogCallback
org/odk/collect/android/configure/SettingsChangeHandler.java
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.SettingsChangeHandler
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/DateWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.DateWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/exception/BadUrlException.java
 org.odk.collect.android.exception.BadUrlException
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/SelectItemClickListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.SelectItemClickListener
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ProjectListItemBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ProjectListItemBinding
org/odk/collect/android/notifications/NotificationManagerNotifier.java
 org.odk.collect.android.notifications.NotificationManagerNotifier
org/odk/collect/android/tasks/ProgressNotifier.java
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.ProgressNotifier
org/odk/collect/android/external/InstancesContract.java
 org.odk.collect.android.external.InstancesContract
org/odk/collect/android/activities/FormMapActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormMapActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormMapActivity$1
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormMapActivity$2
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormMapActivity$FormMapViewModelFactory
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/ImageWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.ImageWidget
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.ImageWidget$1
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/SignatureWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.SignatureWidget
org/odk/collect/android/configure/StructureAndTypeSettingsValidator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.StructureAndTypeSettingsValidator
org/odk/collect/android/external/FormsContract.java
 org.odk.collect.android.external.FormsContract
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/audit/AuditEventLogger.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.AuditEventLogger
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.AuditEventLogger$AuditEventWriter
org/odk/collect/android/events/RxEventBus.java
 org.odk.collect.android.events.RxEventBus
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/UnderlyingValuesConcat.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.UnderlyingValuesConcat
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/OpenRosaXmlFetcher.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.OpenRosaXmlFetcher
org/odk/collect/android/injection/config/AppDependencyComponent.java
 org.odk.collect.android.injection.config.AppDependencyComponent
 org.odk.collect.android.injection.config.AppDependencyComponent$Builder
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/ExternalAppRecordingRequester.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.ExternalAppRecordingRequester
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.ExternalAppRecordingRequester$1
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/LikertWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.LikertWidget
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.LikertWidget$1
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.LikertWidget$2
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.LikertWidget$3
org/odk/collect/android/fastexternalitemset/ItemsetDbAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fastexternalitemset.ItemsetDbAdapter
 org.odk.collect.android.fastexternalitemset.ItemsetDbAdapter$DatabaseHelper
org/odk/collect/android/backgroundwork/AutoSendTaskSpec.java
 org.odk.collect.android.backgroundwork.AutoSendTaskSpec
 org.odk.collect.android.backgroundwork.AutoSendTaskSpec$Adapter
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/DialogUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.DialogUtils
org/odk/collect/android/geo/OsmMBTileSource.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmMBTileSource
org/odk/collect/android/injection/config/AppDependencyModule.java
 org.odk.collect.android.injection.config.AppDependencyModule
 org.odk.collect.android.injection.config.AppDependencyModule$1
org/odk/collect/android/tasks/DeleteFormsTask.java
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.DeleteFormsTask
org/odk/collect/android/network/NetworkStateProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.network.NetworkStateProvider
org/odk/collect/android/geo/MbtilesFile.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MbtilesFile
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MbtilesFile$LayerType
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MbtilesFile$MbtilesException
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MbtilesFile$NotFileException
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MbtilesFile$UnsupportedFilenameException
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MbtilesFile$UnsupportedFormatException
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MbtilesFile$VectorLayer
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/TabsLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.TabsLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/activities/viewmodels/MainMenuViewModel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.viewmodels.MainMenuViewModel
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.viewmodels.MainMenuViewModel$Factory
org/odk/collect/android/logic/HierarchyElement.java
 org.odk.collect.android.logic.HierarchyElement
 org.odk.collect.android.logic.HierarchyElement$Type
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/InstanceGoogleSheetsUploaderTask.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.InstanceGoogleSheetsUploaderTask
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/warnings/SpacesInUnderlyingValuesWarning.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.warnings.SpacesInUnderlyingValuesWarning
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.warnings.SpacesInUnderlyingValuesWarning$1
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.warnings.SpacesInUnderlyingValuesWarning$RenderIntoQuestionWidget
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.warnings.SpacesInUnderlyingValuesWarning$SpacesInUnderlyingValues
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.warnings.SpacesInUnderlyingValuesWarning$SpacesInUnderlyingValuesTextCreator
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.warnings.SpacesInUnderlyingValuesWarning$UnderlyingValuesChecker
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.warnings.SpacesInUnderlyingValuesWarning$WarningRenderer
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.warnings.SpacesInUnderlyingValuesWarning$WarningTextCreator
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/AboutListAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.AboutListAdapter
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.AboutListAdapter$AboutItemClickListener
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.AboutListAdapter$ViewHolder
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/model/IconMenuItem.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.model.IconMenuItem
org/odk/collect/android/externaldata/ExternalSelectChoice.java
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.ExternalSelectChoice
org/odk/collect/android/logic/ImmutableDisplayableQuestion.java
 org.odk.collect.android.logic.ImmutableDisplayableQuestion
org/odk/collect/android/backgroundwork/InstanceSubmitScheduler.java
 org.odk.collect.android.backgroundwork.InstanceSubmitScheduler
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/GoogleAccountNotSetDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleAccountNotSetDialog
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/ExArbitraryFileWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.ExArbitraryFileWidget
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ApplicationConstants.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ApplicationConstants
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ApplicationConstants$BundleKeys
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ApplicationConstants$FormModes
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ApplicationConstants$Namespaces
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ApplicationConstants$RequestCodes
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ApplicationConstants$SortingOrder
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/DeviceDetailsProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.DeviceDetailsProvider
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ExVideoWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ExVideoWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/ExPrinterWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.ExPrinterWidget
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/DocumentFetchResult.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.DocumentFetchResult
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/ThousandsSeparatorTextWatcher.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.ThousandsSeparatorTextWatcher
org/odk/collect/android/tasks/FormSyncTask.java
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.FormSyncTask
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/filters/ControlCharacterFilter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.filters.ControlCharacterFilter
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/BikramSambatDatePickerDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.BikramSambatDatePickerDialog
org/odk/collect/android/geo/SettingsDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.SettingsDialogFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.SettingsDialogFragment$1
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.SettingsDialogFragment$2
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.SettingsDialogFragment$SettingsDialogCallback
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/MultiClickGuard.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.MultiClickGuard
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/audit/IdentityPromptViewModel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.IdentityPromptViewModel
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/screens/MapsPreferencesFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.screens.MapsPreferencesFragment
org/odk/collect/android/application/initialization/ApplicationInitializer.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.initialization.ApplicationInitializer
org/odk/collect/android/geo/OsmDroidMapFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmDroidMapFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmDroidMapFragment$1
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmDroidMapFragment$2
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmDroidMapFragment$AttributionOverlay
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmDroidMapFragment$MapFeature
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmDroidMapFragment$MarkerFeature
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmDroidMapFragment$OsmLocationClientWrapper
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmDroidMapFragment$PolyFeature
org/odk/collect/android/logic/actions/setgeopoint/CollectSetGeopointAction.java
 org.odk.collect.android.logic.actions.setgeopoint.CollectSetGeopointAction
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ResetDialogLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ResetDialogLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/DateTimeWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.DateTimeWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/RangeWidgetHorizontalBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.RangeWidgetHorizontalBinding
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/screens/FormManagementPreferencesFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.screens.FormManagementPreferencesFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.screens.FormManagementPreferencesFragment$1
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/CameraUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.CameraUtils
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ArbitraryFileWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ArbitraryFileWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/MyanmarDateUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.MyanmarDateUtils
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/FormEntryViewModel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.FormEntryViewModel
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.FormEntryViewModel$Factory
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.FormEntryViewModel$FormError
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.FormEntryViewModel$NonFatal
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/OpenRosaFormSource.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.OpenRosaFormSource
org/odk/collect/android/javarosawrapper/FormIndexUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.javarosawrapper.FormIndexUtils
org/odk/collect/android/tasks/MediaLoadingTask.java
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.MediaLoadingTask
org/odk/collect/android/upload/UploadAuthRequestedException.java
 org.odk.collect.android.upload.UploadAuthRequestedException
org/odk/collect/android/permissions/PermissionsProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.permissions.PermissionsProvider
 org.odk.collect.android.permissions.PermissionsProvider$1
 org.odk.collect.android.permissions.PermissionsProvider$10
 org.odk.collect.android.permissions.PermissionsProvider$2
 org.odk.collect.android.permissions.PermissionsProvider$3
 org.odk.collect.android.permissions.PermissionsProvider$4
 org.odk.collect.android.permissions.PermissionsProvider$5
 org.odk.collect.android.permissions.PermissionsProvider$6
 org.odk.collect.android.permissions.PermissionsProvider$7
 org.odk.collect.android.permissions.PermissionsProvider$8
 org.odk.collect.android.permissions.PermissionsProvider$9
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/RangeWidgetVerticalBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.RangeWidgetVerticalBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/GeopolyDialogBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.GeopolyDialogBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/OSMWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.OSMWidget
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/RangePickerIntegerWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.RangePickerIntegerWidget
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/BackgroundAudioPermissionDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.BackgroundAudioPermissionDialogFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.BackgroundAudioPermissionDialogFragment$1
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/InstanceListFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.InstanceListFragment
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/ExImageWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.ExImageWidget
org/odk/collect/android/audio/Waveform.java
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.Waveform
org/odk/collect/android/views/TrackingTouchSlider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.TrackingTouchSlider
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/utilities/PreferencesUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.utilities.PreferencesUtils
org/odk/collect/android/activities/GeoPointMapActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.GeoPointMapActivity
org/odk/collect/android/fastexternalitemset/ItemsetDao.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fastexternalitemset.ItemsetDao
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/media/PromptAutoplayer.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.media.PromptAutoplayer
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/SelectMultiMinimalDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.SelectMultiMinimalDialog
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/MapBoxInitializationFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.MapBoxInitializationFragment
org/odk/collect/android/application/initialization/migration/KeyValuePair.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.initialization.migration.KeyValuePair
org/odk/collect/android/geo/MapFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapFragment$ErrorListener
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapFragment$FeatureListener
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapFragment$IconAnchor
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapFragment$PointListener
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapFragment$ReadyListener
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/StringNumberWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.StringNumberWidget
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/sheets/DriveApi.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.sheets.DriveApi
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/ErrorDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.ErrorDialog
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.ErrorDialog$1
org/odk/collect/android/javarosawrapper/FormController.java
 org.odk.collect.android.javarosawrapper.FormController
 org.odk.collect.android.javarosawrapper.FormController$FailedConstraint
 org.odk.collect.android.javarosawrapper.FormController$InstanceMetadata
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/audit/AuditEvent.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.AuditEvent
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.AuditEvent$AuditEventType
org/odk/collect/android/views/BarcodeViewDecoder.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.BarcodeViewDecoder
 org.odk.collect.android.views.BarcodeViewDecoder$1
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/MovingBackwardsDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.MovingBackwardsDialog
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.MovingBackwardsDialog$1
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.MovingBackwardsDialog$2
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.MovingBackwardsDialog$MovingBackwardsDialogListener
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/HierarchyElementBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.HierarchyElementBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/LabelWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.LabelWidget
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/DecimalWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.DecimalWidget
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/ExDecimalWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.ExDecimalWidget
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/FormEntryMenuDelegate.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.FormEntryMenuDelegate
org/odk/collect/android/tasks/SaveToDiskResult.java
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.SaveToDiskResult
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/Appearances.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.Appearances
org/odk/collect/android/activities/AboutActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.AboutActivity
org/odk/collect/android/tasks/DeleteInstancesTask.java
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.DeleteInstancesTask
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/OdkViewBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.OdkViewBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/RangeWidgetUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.RangeWidgetUtils
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.RangeWidgetUtils$RangeWidgetLayoutElements
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/AuthDialogUtility.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.AuthDialogUtility
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.AuthDialogUtility$1
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.AuthDialogUtility$2
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.AuthDialogUtility$AuthDialogUtilityResultListener
org/odk/collect/android/views/TwoItemMultipleChoiceView.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.TwoItemMultipleChoiceView
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/viewmodels/SelectMinimalViewModel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.viewmodels.SelectMinimalViewModel
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.viewmodels.SelectMinimalViewModel$1
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.viewmodels.SelectMinimalViewModel$Factory
org/odk/collect/android/upload/UploadException.java
 org.odk.collect.android.upload.UploadException
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/GeoTraceWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.GeoTraceWidget
org/odk/collect/android/events/ReadPhoneStatePermissionRxEvent.java
 org.odk.collect.android.events.ReadPhoneStatePermissionRxEvent
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/AdvanceToNextListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.AdvanceToNextListener
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/EthiopianDatePickerDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.EthiopianDatePickerDialog
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/screens/UserInterfacePreferencesFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.screens.UserInterfacePreferencesFragment
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/PersianDatePickerDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.PersianDatePickerDialog
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ResponseMessageParser.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ResponseMessageParser
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/GeoShapeWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.GeoShapeWidget
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/RecyclerViewClickListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.RecyclerViewClickListener
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/TaskListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.TaskListener
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/GoogleDriveActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleDriveActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleDriveActivity$1
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleDriveActivity$2
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleDriveActivity$3
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleDriveActivity$GetFileTask
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleDriveActivity$RetrieveDriveFileContentsAsyncTask
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/SearchQueryViewModel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.SearchQueryViewModel
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/AudioRecorderRecordingStatusHandler.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.AudioRecorderRecordingStatusHandler
org/odk/collect/android/configure/qr/QRCodeMenuDelegate.java
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.QRCodeMenuDelegate
org/odk/collect/android/exception/EncryptionException.java
 org.odk.collect.android.exception.EncryptionException
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/GoogleAccountsManager.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleAccountsManager
org/odk/collect/android/configure/qr/QRCodeActivityResultDelegate.java
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.QRCodeActivityResultDelegate
org/odk/collect/android/instancemanagement/InstanceDiskSynchronizer.java
 org.odk.collect.android.instancemanagement.InstanceDiskSynchronizer
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.ProgressDialogFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.ProgressDialogFragment$Cancellable
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/InstanceListCursorAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.InstanceListCursorAdapter
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/audit/AuditUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.AuditUtils
org/odk/collect/android/activities/CaptureSelfieVideoActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.CaptureSelfieVideoActivity
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/RankingListAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.RankingListAdapter
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.RankingListAdapter$ItemViewHolder
org/odk/collect/android/activities/NotificationActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.NotificationActivity
org/odk/collect/android/activities/BaseGeoMapActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.BaseGeoMapActivity
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/CSVUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.CSVUtils
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/BackgroundAudioHelpFragmentLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.BackgroundAudioHelpFragmentLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/activities/FillBlankFormActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FillBlankFormActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FillBlankFormActivity$1
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/interfaces/GeoDataRequester.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.interfaces.GeoDataRequester
org/odk/collect/utilities/UserAgentProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.utilities.UserAgentProvider
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/RecordingWarningDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.RecordingWarningDialogFragment
org/odk/collect/android/formmanagement/FormSourceExceptionMapper.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.FormSourceExceptionMapper
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/Result.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.Result
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/BaseImageWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.BaseImageWidget
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.BaseImageWidget$DrawImageClickHandler
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.BaseImageWidget$ExternalImageCaptureHandler
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.BaseImageWidget$ImageCaptureHandler
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.BaseImageWidget$ImageClickHandler
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.BaseImageWidget$ViewImageClickHandler
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/CustomDatePickerDialogBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.CustomDatePickerDialogBinding
org/odk/collect/android/activities/BearingActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.BearingActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.BearingActivity$1
org/odk/collect/android/geo/OsmDroidMapConfigurator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmDroidMapConfigurator
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmDroidMapConfigurator$WmsOption
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/questions/AnswersProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.questions.AnswersProvider
org/odk/collect/android/views/MultiClickSafeTextInputEditText.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.MultiClickSafeTextInputEditText
org/odk/collect/android/geo/MapConfigurator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapConfigurator
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/RankingWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.RankingWidget
org/odk/collect/android/geo/OsmMBTileModuleProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmMBTileModuleProvider
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmMBTileModuleProvider$1
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmMBTileModuleProvider$TileLoader
org/odk/collect/android/database/instances/InstanceDatabaseMigrator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.database.instances.InstanceDatabaseMigrator
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/FormChooserListItemBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.FormChooserListItemBinding
org/odk/collect/android/application/CollectSettingsChangeHandler.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.CollectSettingsChangeHandler
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/FormChooserListItemTextBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.FormChooserListItemTextBinding
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/GoogleSheetsUploaderActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleSheetsUploaderActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleSheetsUploaderActivity$1
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleSheetsUploaderActivity$2
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleSheetsUploaderActivity$AuthorizationChecker
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/RatingWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.RatingWidget
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/screens/ServerPreferencesFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.screens.ServerPreferencesFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.screens.ServerPreferencesFragment$1
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/DiskSyncListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.DiskSyncListener
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/GuidanceHint.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.GuidanceHint
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ProgressDialogBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ProgressDialogBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/SelectOneImageMapWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.SelectOneImageMapWidget
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/QuestionWidgetBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.QuestionWidgetBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/AudioControllerLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.AudioControllerLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/BackgroundAudioViewModel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.BackgroundAudioViewModel
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.BackgroundAudioViewModel$Factory
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.BackgroundAudioViewModel$Factory$1
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.BackgroundAudioViewModel$RecordAudioActionRegistry
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/HierarchyListAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.HierarchyListAdapter
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.HierarchyListAdapter$OnElementClickListener
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.HierarchyListAdapter$ViewHolder
org/odk/collect/utilities/Result.java
 org.odk.collect.utilities.Result
org/odk/collect/android/application/Collect.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.Collect
 org.odk.collect.android.application.Collect$1
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/saving/SaveAnswerFileErrorDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.saving.SaveAnswerFileErrorDialogFragment
org/odk/collect/android/formmanagement/ServerFormsDetailsFetcher.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.ServerFormsDetailsFetcher
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/SplashScreenBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.SplashScreenBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/IdentifyUserDialogBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.IdentifyUserDialogBinding
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/SelectOneWidgetUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.SelectOneWidgetUtils
org/odk/collect/android/tasks/SaveFormIndexTask.java
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.SaveFormIndexTask
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.SaveFormIndexTask$SaveFormIndexListener
org/odk/collect/android/activities/ActivityUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.ActivityUtils
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/GeopolyLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.GeopolyLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/OsmWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.OsmWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/activities/FormListActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormListActivity
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/FragmentCamera2Binding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.FragmentCamera2Binding
org/odk/collect/android/audio/AMRAppender.java
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.AMRAppender
org/odk/collect/android/views/SlidingTabLayout.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.SlidingTabLayout
 org.odk.collect.android.views.SlidingTabLayout$1
 org.odk.collect.android.views.SlidingTabLayout$InternalViewPagerListener
 org.odk.collect.android.views.SlidingTabLayout$TabClickListener
 org.odk.collect.android.views.SlidingTabLayout$TabColorizer
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/WidgetAnswerButtonBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.WidgetAnswerButtonBinding
org/odk/collect/android/activities/ViewOnlyFormHierarchyActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.ViewOnlyFormHierarchyActivity
org/odk/collect/android/formmanagement/BlankFormsListViewModel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.BlankFormsListViewModel
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.BlankFormsListViewModel$1
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.BlankFormsListViewModel$BlankForm
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.BlankFormsListViewModel$Factory
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/screens/FormEntryAccessPreferencesFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.screens.FormEntryAccessPreferencesFragment
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/FragmentScanBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.FragmentScanBinding
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/OpenRosaResponseParserImpl.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.OpenRosaResponseParserImpl
org/odk/collect/android/tasks/InstanceServerUploaderTask.java
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.InstanceServerUploaderTask
org/odk/collect/android/application/initialization/migration/KeyCombiner.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.initialization.migration.KeyCombiner
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/CustomSQLiteQueryBuilder.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.CustomSQLiteQueryBuilder
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/AudioPlayerLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.AudioPlayerLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/DestroyableLifecyleOwner.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.DestroyableLifecyleOwner
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ContentUriProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ContentUriProvider
org/odk/collect/android/formmanagement/FormDownloadException.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.FormDownloadException
org/odk/collect/android/geo/MapPoint.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapPoint
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapPoint$1
org/odk/collect/android/externaldata/handler/ExternalDataSearchType.java
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.handler.ExternalDataSearchType
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.handler.ExternalDataSearchType$1
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.handler.ExternalDataSearchType$2
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.handler.ExternalDataSearchType$3
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.handler.ExternalDataSearchType$4
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/viewmodels/RankingViewModel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.viewmodels.RankingViewModel
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.viewmodels.RankingViewModel$1
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.viewmodels.RankingViewModel$Factory
org/odk/collect/android/database/instances/DatabaseInstancesRepository.java
 org.odk.collect.android.database.instances.DatabaseInstancesRepository
org/odk/collect/android/instancemanagement/InstanceAutoSender.java
 org.odk.collect.android.instancemanagement.InstanceAutoSender
 org.odk.collect.android.instancemanagement.InstanceAutoSender$1
org/odk/collect/android/activities/FormEntryActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity$1
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity$2
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity$3
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity$3$1
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity$4
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity$5
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity$6
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity$7
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity$8
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity$8$1
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity$9
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity$AnimationType
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity$EmptyView
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormEntryActivity$LocationProvidersReceiver
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/SelectMinimalWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.SelectMinimalWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/OpenRosaServerClient.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.OpenRosaServerClient
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/DownloadFormsTaskListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.DownloadFormsTaskListener
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/Camera2Fragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2Fragment
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2Fragment$1
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2Fragment$2
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2Fragment$3
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2Fragment$4
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2Fragment$5
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2Fragment$6
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2Fragment$CompareSizesByArea
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2Fragment$ImageSaver
org/odk/collect/android/views/DrawView.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.DrawView
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ActivityResultDelegate.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ActivityResultDelegate
org/odk/collect/android/activities/viewmodels/FormDownloadListViewModel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.viewmodels.FormDownloadListViewModel
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.viewmodels.FormDownloadListViewModel$Factory
org/odk/collect/android/views/CustomNumberPicker.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.CustomNumberPicker
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/RankingWidgetDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.RankingWidgetDialog
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.RankingWidgetDialog$RankingListener
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/OsmMapLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.OsmMapLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/VideoWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.VideoWidget
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.VideoWidget$1
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.VideoWidget$2
org/odk/collect/android/views/SlidingTabStrip.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.SlidingTabStrip
 org.odk.collect.android.views.SlidingTabStrip$1
 org.odk.collect.android.views.SlidingTabStrip$SimpleTabColorizer
org/odk/collect/android/configure/qr/QRCodeGenerator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.QRCodeGenerator
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/audit/AuditConfig.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.AuditConfig
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.AuditConfig$Builder
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/GoogleSheetsApi.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleSheetsApi
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/Camera2VideoFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2VideoFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2VideoFragment$1
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2VideoFragment$2
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2VideoFragment$3
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2VideoFragment$4
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.Camera2VideoFragment$4$1
org/odk/collect/android/externaldata/handler/ExternalDataHandlerPull.java
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.handler.ExternalDataHandlerPull
org/odk/collect/android/externaldata/ExternalDataReader.java
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.ExternalDataReader
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/GeoWidgetUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.GeoWidgetUtils
org/odk/collect/android/tasks/SaveFormToDisk.java
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.SaveFormToDisk
org/odk/collect/android/configure/SettingsUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.SettingsUtils
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/FormEntryEndBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.FormEntryEndBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/ExAudioWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.ExAudioWidget
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.ExAudioWidget$1
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/SavePointListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.SavePointListener
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/AnimationUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.AnimationUtils
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.AnimationUtils$1
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.AnimationUtils$2
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.AnimationUtils$3
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.AnimationUtils$4
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.AnimationUtils$5
org/odk/collect/android/geo/TileSource.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.TileSource
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/GeopointLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.GeopointLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/FileArrayAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.FileArrayAdapter
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.FileArrayAdapter$ViewHolder
org/odk/collect/android/javarosawrapper/FormDesignException.java
 org.odk.collect.android.javarosawrapper.FormDesignException
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/UrlWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.UrlWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/GoogleApiProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleApiProvider
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/CopticDatePickerDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.CopticDatePickerDialog
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/DrawLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.DrawLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/TranslationHandler.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.TranslationHandler
org/odk/collect/android/external/AndroidShortcutsActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.external.AndroidShortcutsActivity
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/questions/AudioVideoImageTextLabel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.questions.AudioVideoImageTextLabel
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/MainMenuBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.MainMenuBinding
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/GoogleDriveApi.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleDriveApi
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ManualProjectCreatorDialogLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ManualProjectCreatorDialogLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/PasswordDialogLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.PasswordDialogLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/FormControllerWaitingForDataRegistry.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.FormControllerWaitingForDataRegistry
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/AdminPasswordDialogLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.AdminPasswordDialogLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/DateTimeUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.DateTimeUtils
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/InstanceUploaderAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.InstanceUploaderAdapter
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.InstanceUploaderAdapter$ViewHolder
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/GoogleSheetsUploaderProgressDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleSheetsUploaderProgressDialog
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleSheetsUploaderProgressDialog$OnSendingFormsCanceledListener
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/MenuDelegate.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.MenuDelegate
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/NamedViewIdsBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.NamedViewIdsBinding
org/odk/collect/android/exception/GDriveConnectionException.java
 org.odk.collect.android.exception.GDriveConnectionException
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/FormListFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.FormListFragment
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/CustomSQLiteQueryExecutor.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.CustomSQLiteQueryExecutor
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/SortDialogAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.SortDialogAdapter
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.SortDialogAdapter$ViewHolder
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.SortDialogAdapter$ViewHolder$1
org/odk/collect/android/database/forms/FormDatabaseMigrator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.database.forms.FormDatabaseMigrator
org/odk/collect/android/logic/actions/setgeopoint/CollectSetGeopointActionHandler.java
 org.odk.collect.android.logic.actions.setgeopoint.CollectSetGeopointActionHandler
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/SelectImageMapWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.SelectImageMapWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/AudioWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.AudioWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/geo/mapboxsdk/MapFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.mapboxsdk.MapFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.mapboxsdk.MapFragment$OnMapViewReadyCallback
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/OnBackPressedListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.OnBackPressedListener
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/QuitFormDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.QuitFormDialogFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.QuitFormDialogFragment$Listener
org/odk/collect/android/configure/qr/QRCodeDecoder.java
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.QRCodeDecoder
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.QRCodeDecoder$InvalidException
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.QRCodeDecoder$NotFoundException
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/AudioPlayer.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.AudioPlayer
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/OpenRosaHttpInterface.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.OpenRosaHttpInterface
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.OpenRosaHttpInterface$FileToContentTypeMapper
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/backgroundlocation/BackgroundLocationViewModel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.backgroundlocation.BackgroundLocationViewModel
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.backgroundlocation.BackgroundLocationViewModel$Factory
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/NumberPickerDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.NumberPickerDialog
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.NumberPickerDialog$1
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.NumberPickerDialog$2
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.NumberPickerDialog$NumberPickerListener
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/RecordingHandler.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.RecordingHandler
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/ArbitraryFileWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.ArbitraryFileWidget
org/odk/collect/android/database/DatabaseMigrator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.database.DatabaseMigrator
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/GeoWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.GeoWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/views/ChoicesRecyclerView.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.ChoicesRecyclerView
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/SelectOneItemBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.SelectOneItemBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/TimeWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.TimeWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/views/MultiClickSafeImageButton.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.MultiClickSafeImageButton
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/ExIntegerWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.ExIntegerWidget
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/WidgetFactory.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.WidgetFactory
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/MediaUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.MediaUtils
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/FormChooserListItemMultipleChoiceBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.FormChooserListItemMultipleChoiceBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/AudioFileRequester.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.AudioFileRequester
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/WebCredentialsUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.WebCredentialsUtils
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/InstanceUploaderListBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.InstanceUploaderListBinding
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/okhttp/OkHttpConnection.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.okhttp.OkHttpConnection
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/BaseSelectListWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.BaseSelectListWidget
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.BaseSelectListWidget$1
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/RankingItemTouchHelperCallback.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.RankingItemTouchHelperCallback
org/odk/collect/android/activities/InstanceUploaderListActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.InstanceUploaderListActivity
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/SoftKeyboardController.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.SoftKeyboardController
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/SimpleDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.SimpleDialog
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/GeoPointMapWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.GeoPointMapWidget
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/backgroundlocation/BackgroundLocationManager.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.backgroundlocation.BackgroundLocationManager
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.backgroundlocation.BackgroundLocationManager$1
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.backgroundlocation.BackgroundLocationManager$BackgroundLocationMessage
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.backgroundlocation.BackgroundLocationManager$BackgroundLocationState
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/CollectThenSystemContentTypeMapper.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.CollectThenSystemContentTypeMapper
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.CollectThenSystemContentTypeMapper$CollectContentTypeMappings
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/RefreshFormListDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.RefreshFormListDialogFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.RefreshFormListDialogFragment$RefreshFormListDialogFragmentListener
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/GeoPointWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.GeoPointWidget
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/IntegerWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.IntegerWidget
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/ResetSettingsResultDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.ResetSettingsResultDialog
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.ResetSettingsResultDialog$1
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.ResetSettingsResultDialog$ResetSettingsResultDialogListener
org/odk/collect/android/activities/CollectAbstractActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.CollectAbstractActivity
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/interfaces/FileWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.interfaces.FileWidget
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/AbstractSelectListAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.AbstractSelectListAdapter
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.AbstractSelectListAdapter$1
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.AbstractSelectListAdapter$ViewHolder
org/odk/collect/android/metadata/SharedPreferencesInstallIDProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.metadata.SharedPreferencesInstallIDProvider
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/FormChooserListBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.FormChooserListBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/DateTimeWidgetUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.DateTimeWidgetUtils
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.DateTimeWidgetUtils$1
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/SelectMinimalDialogLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.SelectMinimalDialogLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/BlankFormListFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.BlankFormListFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.BlankFormListFragment$1
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.BlankFormListFragment$BackgroundTasks
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/saving/FormSaveViewModel.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.saving.FormSaveViewModel
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.saving.FormSaveViewModel$1
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.saving.FormSaveViewModel$FactoryFactory
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.saving.FormSaveViewModel$SaveRequest
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.saving.FormSaveViewModel$SaveResult
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.saving.FormSaveViewModel$SaveResult$State
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.saving.FormSaveViewModel$SaveTask
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.saving.FormSaveViewModel$SaveTask$Listener
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/FixedDatePickerDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.FixedDatePickerDialog
org/odk/collect/android/configure/qr/QRCodeUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.QRCodeUtils
org/odk/collect/android/formmanagement/DiskFormsSynchronizer.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.DiskFormsSynchronizer
org/odk/collect/android/backgroundwork/AutoUpdateTaskSpec.java
 org.odk.collect.android.backgroundwork.AutoUpdateTaskSpec
 org.odk.collect.android.backgroundwork.AutoUpdateTaskSpec$Adapter
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/okhttp/OkHttpCaseInsensitiveHeaders.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.okhttp.OkHttpCaseInsensitiveHeaders
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/RecordingRequester.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.RecordingRequester
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/ExStringWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.ExStringWidget
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.ExStringWidget$1
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/FormNameUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.FormNameUtils
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/SelectMultiWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.SelectMultiWidget
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/FormEndView.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.FormEndView
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.FormEndView$1
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.FormEndView$Listener
org/odk/collect/android/logic/DriveListItem.java
 org.odk.collect.android.logic.DriveListItem
 org.odk.collect.android.logic.DriveListItem$1
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/GoogleDriveFormDownloadListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleDriveFormDownloadListener
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/FormDefCache.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.FormDefCache
org/odk/collect/android/adapters/ViewPagerAdapter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.adapters.ViewPagerAdapter
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ProgressBarViewBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ProgressBarViewBinding
org/odk/collect/android/externaldata/handler/ExternalDataHandlerSearch.java
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.handler.ExternalDataHandlerSearch
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/loading/FormInstanceFileCreator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.loading.FormInstanceFileCreator
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/CaptionedListPreference.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.CaptionedListPreference
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.CaptionedListPreference$Item
org/odk/collect/android/activities/FormDownloadListActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormDownloadListActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormDownloadListActivity$1
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormDownloadListActivity$2
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormDownloadListActivity$3
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.FormDownloadListActivity$4
org/odk/collect/android/exception/ExternalParamsException.java
 org.odk.collect.android.exception.ExternalParamsException
org/odk/collect/android/geo/OsmMBTileProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.OsmMBTileProvider
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/ActivityGeoDataRequester.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.ActivityGeoDataRequester
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.ActivityGeoDataRequester$1
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.ActivityGeoDataRequester$2
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.ActivityGeoDataRequester$3
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/ListMultiWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.ListMultiWidget
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.ListMultiWidget$1
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/sheets/SheetsHelper.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.sheets.SheetsHelper
org/odk/collect/android/geo/MapboxMapConfigurator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapboxMapConfigurator
 org.odk.collect.android.geo.MapboxMapConfigurator$MapboxUrlOption
org/odk/collect/android/views/InstanceUploaderProgressBar.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.InstanceUploaderProgressBar
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/SelectMultiMinimalWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.SelectMultiMinimalWidget
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/HtmlUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.HtmlUtils
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.HtmlUtils$1
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ActivityCustomScannerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ActivityCustomScannerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/application/initialization/migration/KeyRenamer.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.initialization.migration.KeyRenamer
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/GetContentAudioFileRequester.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.GetContentAudioFileRequester
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/DateTimeWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.DateTimeWidget
org/odk/collect/android/audio/M4AAppender.java
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.M4AAppender
org/odk/collect/android/activities/InstanceChooserList.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.InstanceChooserList
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.InstanceChooserList$1
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/saving/FormSaver.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.saving.FormSaver
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.saving.FormSaver$ProgressListener
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/BearingWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.BearingWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/activities/DrawActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.DrawActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.DrawActivity$1
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.DrawActivity$2
org/odk/collect/android/activities/ScannerWithFlashlightActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.ScannerWithFlashlightActivity
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/dialogs/ReferenceLayerPreferenceDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.dialogs.ReferenceLayerPreferenceDialog
org/odk/collect/android/formmanagement/FormMetadataParser.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.FormMetadataParser
org/odk/collect/android/application/initialization/CollectSettingsMigrator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.application.initialization.CollectSettingsMigrator
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/audit/AuditEventCSVLine.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.AuditEventCSVLine
org/odk/collect/android/listeners/ActionListener.java
 org.odk.collect.android.listeners.ActionListener
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/CaseInsensitiveHeaders.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.CaseInsensitiveHeaders
org/odk/collect/android/audio/BackgroundAudioHelpDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.BackgroundAudioHelpDialogFragment
org/odk/collect/android/fragments/dialogs/LocationProvidersDisabledDialog.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fragments.dialogs.LocationProvidersDisabledDialog
org/odk/collect/android/openrosa/HttpPostResult.java
 org.odk.collect.android.openrosa.HttpPostResult
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/IconUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.IconUtils
org/odk/collect/android/network/ConnectivityProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.network.ConnectivityProvider
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/dialogs/ResetDialogPreference.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.dialogs.ResetDialogPreference
org/odk/collect/android/audio/AudioControllerView.java
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.AudioControllerView
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.AudioControllerView$1
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.AudioControllerView$Listener
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.AudioControllerView$SwipableParent
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.AudioControllerView$SwipeListener
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ExArbitraryFileWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ExArbitraryFileWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/PlayServicesChecker.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.PlayServicesChecker
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/ExVideoWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.ExVideoWidget
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/MapboxFragmentLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.MapboxFragmentLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/CaptionedListDialogBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.CaptionedListDialogBinding
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/UrlWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.UrlWidget
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/SelectMinimalWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.SelectMinimalWidget
org/odk/collect/android/tasks/DownloadFormsTask.java
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.DownloadFormsTask
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/FormLoadingDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.FormLoadingDialogFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.FormLoadingDialogFragment$FormLoadingDialogFragmentListener
org/odk/collect/android/formmanagement/ServerFormDetails.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formmanagement.ServerFormDetails
org/odk/collect/android/views/MultiClickSafeButton.java
 org.odk.collect.android.views.MultiClickSafeButton
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ZipUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ZipUtils
org/odk/collect/android/gdrive/GoogleAccountPicker.java
 org.odk.collect.android.gdrive.GoogleAccountPicker
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/audit/IdentifyUserPromptDialogFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.IdentifyUserPromptDialogFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.audit.IdentifyUserPromptDialogFragment$1
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/ScreenUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.ScreenUtils
org/odk/collect/android/exception/InvalidSyntaxException.java
 org.odk.collect.android.exception.InvalidSyntaxException
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/RatingWidgetAnswerBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.RatingWidgetAnswerBinding
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/CurrentProjectMenuIconBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.CurrentProjectMenuIconBinding
org/odk/collect/android/activities/DeleteSavedFormActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.DeleteSavedFormActivity
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/FileUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.FileUtils
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.FileUtils$Walker
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/InternalRecordingRequester.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.InternalRecordingRequester
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.InternalRecordingRequester$1
org/odk/collect/android/configure/qr/QRCodeTabsActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.QRCodeTabsActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.qr.QRCodeTabsActivity$1
org/odk/collect/android/tasks/DownloadFormListTask.java
 org.odk.collect.android.tasks.DownloadFormListTask
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/ActivityCaptureSelfieVideoBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.ActivityCaptureSelfieVideoBinding
org/odk/collect/android/configure/SettingsValidator.java
 org.odk.collect.android.configure.SettingsValidator
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/SubmissionSummaryLayoutBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.SubmissionSummaryLayoutBinding
org/odk/collect/android/backgroundwork/FormUpdateScheduler.java
 org.odk.collect.android.backgroundwork.FormUpdateScheduler
org/odk/collect/android/databinding/SimpleSpinnerDropdownItemBinding.java
 org.odk.collect.android.databinding.SimpleSpinnerDropdownItemBinding
org/odk/collect/android/upload/InstanceServerUploader.java
 org.odk.collect.android.upload.InstanceServerUploader
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/interfaces/MultiChoiceWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.interfaces.MultiChoiceWidget
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/questions/QuestionTextSizeHelper.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.questions.QuestionTextSizeHelper
org/odk/collect/android/instancemanagement/SubmitException.java
 org.odk.collect.android.instancemanagement.SubmitException
 org.odk.collect.android.instancemanagement.SubmitException$Type
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/DrawWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.DrawWidget
org/odk/collect/android/activities/GeoPointActivity.java
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.GeoPointActivity
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.GeoPointActivity$1
 org.odk.collect.android.activities.GeoPointActivity$2
org/odk/collect/android/utilities/InstanceUploaderUtils.java
 org.odk.collect.android.utilities.InstanceUploaderUtils
org/odk/collect/android/preferences/screens/FormMetadataPreferencesFragment.java
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.screens.FormMetadataPreferencesFragment
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.screens.FormMetadataPreferencesFragment$1
 org.odk.collect.android.preferences.screens.FormMetadataPreferencesFragment$PropertyManagerPropertySummaryProvider
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/FormIndexAnimationHandler.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.FormIndexAnimationHandler
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.FormIndexAnimationHandler$Direction
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.FormIndexAnimationHandler$Listener
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/utilities/RecordingRequesterProvider.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.utilities.RecordingRequesterProvider
org/odk/collect/android/instancemanagement/InstanceSubmitter.java
 org.odk.collect.android.instancemanagement.InstanceSubmitter
org/odk/collect/android/formentry/questions/QuestionDetails.java
 org.odk.collect.android.formentry.questions.QuestionDetails
org/odk/collect/android/widgets/items/SelectOneMinimalWidget.java
 org.odk.collect.android.widgets.items.SelectOneMinimalWidget
org/odk/collect/android/externaldata/ExternalDataUtil.java
 org.odk.collect.android.externaldata.ExternalDataUtil
org/odk/collect/android/audio/AudioHelper.java
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.AudioHelper
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.AudioHelper$AudioButtonListener
 org.odk.collect.android.audio.AudioHelper$BackgroundObserver
org/odk/collect/android/fastexternalitemset/XPathParseTool.java
 org.odk.collect.android.fastexternalitemset.XPathParseTool
